Fix T1034658 - editCellTemplate must contain a DevExtreme editor (#2975)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/dxDataGridColumn/editCellTemplate.md

Other properties that allow editor customization include:

- **columns[]**.[editorOptions]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#editorOptions)         

> Use it to specify the default editor's properties (except **onValueChanged**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it to specify default editor properties (except **onValueChanged**).
```

Author: I believe this edit causes ambiguity. Is it "the properties of the default editor" or "the default properties of an editor"?

Reviewer: As you wrote the sentence, I understood it to mean that the properties belong to the default editor. My suggested edit says the same thing.
